Release 1.6.0 (master) (#181)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: resources/release-notes.md

{% include alert-review-section.md %}

{% include jumbotron.html body="The latest updates about our releases will be
published on this page." %}

{% include alert.html type="neutral" icon="info" header="Version numbers"
body="The version numbers used in headers on this page refers to the version of
this very documentation, not to a version of any APIs described by it." %}

## January 2020

### Version 1.6

* [Credit Payments][credit] (née "Credit Account") sections have been deleted
  from the Swedbank Pay Developer Portal.
* The [Swish Payments][swish] and [Vipps Payments][vipps] have received a few
  updates and are now ready for another round of review.
* [MobilePay Payments][mobile-pay] is now ready for review.
* `paymentAgeLimit` is now added in [Swish Payments][swish].

> * The Terminology page][terminology] is updated and *3-D Secure 2.0 (3DS2)* ,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [Terminology page][terminology] is updated and *3-D Secure 2.0 (3DS2)* ,
```

  *PSD2* and *SCA* explanations are added.

> * Added description for Payment States And Transaction States.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added descriptions for Payment States And Transaction States everywhere appropriate.
```
